Quantum Effect

1. Setting - Parallel Universe to the "subjective Universe" project director is in

2030 - Dyson Sphere actualized, human civilization captures energy boosting technological advancement, 

2036 - with AI synergizing with supercomputer, scientists find out Quantum - a special form of energy that is derived from dark matter, can be used not only as power, but also distorts time and space.

2040 - breakthrough in experiments with Quantum, Quantum Field created and objects can be sent to unknown space (=location). Any enhancements or synergies from Quantum that cannot be explained by the First Earth Physics rules or scientific findings are now considered "Quantum Effect". Quantum Effect amplifies the use of the limited energy, also the greed of humans. Sowing seeds of the Original Sins.

2050 - Earth invaded and captured by human-looking lifeform with enormous starship fleet (=Quantum Babies) from unknown system, the state-funded Quantum Lab of Deep-State-Washington (=the USA) that initiated the first Quantum Field human experiments were wiped out. Turns out the Quantum Babies, were the offspring of the people survived the Quantum Warp (=random teleportation from Quantum Field) that landed at another parallel space (=Unknown Earth). They were raised there and supported by "Quantum Revolution", a scientist group of the Unknown Earth, to embark on the journey back to the First Earth (=the "main" Earth of this game) to prevent derailing of Quantum Projects, and revert undesirable changes happened to the Unknown Earth. From the First Earth perspective, only a decade has passed but, due to time-space-distortion caused by Quantum Warp, it has been almost 40 years since the survivalists landed at the Unknown Earth.

2077 - homage to that "2077". The First Earth is united as one, no more "countries, states, governments", technologies advanced drastically thanks to the Quantum Babies. They brought back equipment and knowledge, leading to the first Quantumization - more Quantum can now be captured from Dark Matter and fuel the development of the First Earth. Humans now literally do not die from aging or diseases. "Bio-mechanic" engineering is the main stream: humans receive modification and updates with chips implants, brain-data updates, limb & body parts modifications. Chaos have also been brought to the First Earth now that Quantum Babies are not the only ones overpowered.

2081 - Quantum Babies were revoked and thrown over. No more "referees" on the First Earth. Human civilizations can no longer surpass the growing tree of Original Sins. Factions arise fighting for own interests. Only a few of the elite Quantum Babies survived, and they released the "Deus Ex Machina" - the one and only "Quantum Baby"; a Quantum-human lifeform "created" by the Quantum Babies. This game, is about the one and only Quantum Baby's journey. To revoke, or to revolute, or, bring something different to the human civilization, it is up to the player.

Story goes on, where will you head next? Where will you end up at? All of your choices.

2. Overview of the game

Players will be the Quantum Baby (=grown up human adult, Quantum Baby is just the project code). Embark on the journey, start with nothing but your own. Gather resources, equipment, eventually companions (some of them can be romantic partners), pets, starships for interstellar adventures, build your own base (on a planet or interstellar structure or ...) - a place you can finally call home, ... Find "your" cure for the human civilizations, investigate the "Earths", find out the truth, or truthes, behind all these ...

3. Elements of the game

Customization: Quantum Baby can be customized not only cosmetically, but also functionally, thanks to the bio-mechanical engineering technology. Players can start with chip implants (neuro - brain related, limbs - arms and legs, torso / core, spinal - reflectivity, agility, physical ability), then further modifications, literally anything can be "enhanced" or "modified". Can Quantum Baby stay "human"? Or, is Quantum Baby ever human?

Faction system: On the journey, you will choose to either establish your own faction, or join someone else (you can join all the factions and decide later if you are leaving one for other, or be the chao - do whatever you want with the factions), or play lone wolf. 
Factions include: 
Quantum Revolution - the origin of Quantum Babies, group of scientists that claims that reverting the "mistakes" is their only goal. But, is that true ...?
Quantum Babies - reunite the former Quantum Babies and their disciples, revenge and take back the control over the First Earth, then decide what you want to do to the humanity ...
Enlighteners - the lobbyists of deep state, formed by scientists, control by corporates. They claim to utilize technologies to change the world, but are trying to spread "virus" through "free modification" for people and control the First Earth, making everyone their slaves.
Corporates - the core of deep state, controlled by "the board of director". They own the Enlighteners, but the focuses of the two differs as faction - Enlighteners focus on frontline operations while the storyline of Corporates involve more hidden, untold stories... Joining the Enlighteners affect more of player's operation on the First Earth, joining the Corporates involves more interstellar inter-(parallel)universe missions. Enlighteners is not the prerequisite to joining Corporates.
Technopunks - Street gang in short. All sorts of people, young thugs, lost adults, those with no will power to fight back the growing Original Sins ... this is the symbol of Chaos on the surface. But, building connection with Technopunks can sometimes be beneficial: great deals (black-market), intels from the street, cutthroats and thugs for hire ... Best used when you don't want to get your hands dirty.
Vagabonds - those unwilling to be the puppets of the others, just want to stay away from chaos and dark side of humanity, formed the Vagabonds. There are two types of Vagabonds: bounty hunter and mercenaries. They do it for what support their lives at the end of the day, but for some, their tool of living has come before their crave of freedom.
Aurelian Order - Galactic theocracy dedicated to preserving the ancient knowledge and maintaining order. They seek to guide civilizations toward enlightenment, but in a "Classic Renaissance" kind of fashion.
Emberpact - A Coalition of frontier tribes and raiders that believe in survival through strength and absolute independence from all systems, in other words, old-fashioned anarchists.
Void seekers - Mystics and scholars who study the Quantum Void. They manipulate resonance energies and seek to transcend physical limitations. Alternative possibilities of pure science.
Ironward - A militarized industrial union focused on innovation, engineering, and dominating resources to build a secure and prosperous future.
Silent Veil - The headquarter of druid-like communities. Loves nature, protects nature. They serve the Mother Nature and holds the mystics power gifted by the nature.
Merchant Guild - Trades go on, be it war or peace. Some of them can trade anything, with a price. Some of them, uses trade as a tool to survive.
Eclipse Syndicate - Chaos that weaved with order. They are rebellious, they don't go with the main stream, they don't give a F to enforcers. But, once you earn their friendship, you are friends forever. Even though their parties can some time go very wrong ...
Horizon Coalition - Technocrats gather for a bright future.
The Curators - Mystic underground society.
Exile Front - Think of them the darker version of Emberpact. Members are either Exiles, Wanted, or prisoners on the run.
Synthic Faith
(To be enriched ...)

Companion system: companions all over the worlds in the parallel universes are available to be recruited, convinced, captured, or ... seduced.
Basically there is at least one companion from each faction and each major systems in each parallel universe. Not all of them have a complete, rich storyline to be discovered. Here are some major companions with storyline.
*In Quantum Effect, only Cisgender and Straight exist, no objection.

Lyra - female scout from Aurelian Order. Agile explorer and information gatherer, often sees what others miss.
Drox - mutant bruiser from ironward. Loyal protector with unbreakable will. Never backs down.
Nix - male technomancer from Emberpact. The ability of communicating codes to fix anything hides the ability to break anything with codes, and the resonance energies.
Vayn - female assassin from Void Seekers. Operates in the dark for a cause unknown. Trust is earned. Use her as a hire-blade or unveil her universe.
Elsi - female medic from Silent Veil. Kind healer who sees hope even in ruins. Keeps the team alive and positive.
Grum - mechanically-modified-dwarf engineer from Merchant Guild. Built differently. Retired from battlefield due to irreversible wounds. Being physically handicapped did not stop Grum from moving forward. The dwarf body was modified bit by bit to replace the disabled parts, making Grum even more powerful then before.
(To be enriched)

Graphics: 2D Pixel art. 

Map: Hub-zoned open world. Scale as below, Parallel Universe being the largest:
Parallel Universe > Galaxy / Quantum Void > System > Earths in different parallel universe (e.g. the First Earth where everything begins, the Unknown Earth where the original, first Quantum Babies were from etc.) > Planet / Faction HQ > Major city > Area / Quantum Warp > Architecture
 
(To be enriched ...)

99. Inspirations: Mass Effects series, Cyberpunk 2077, Starfield

 

       